Two new blocks added for consideration: writefile and appendfile (#176)
davidferguson/pibakery: pibakery-blocks/appendfile/README.md

# Appendfile block

This block allows you to append text to a specified file on the raspberry pi.

Simply enter the path and filename and the content to append.

## New Lines in file content

You can specify a character to be used as a newline (\n) character.

> *i.e., if the characater for new lines is set to +, the follwiing applies:*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*i.e., if the character for new lines is set to +, the following applies:*
```
